Start on the Command Center.
p02
Down the left column, one number sizes the whole problem: the decline rate.
p03
Right now it reads a quarter of a percent, and the trend arrow points down.
p04
That's the entire network, not one member.
p05
Read it before you chase anyone.
p06
One expired card won't move it. A gateway going bad will.
p07
Now scroll to Priority Intelligence.
p08
WashCentral is already working the problem.
p09
One play flags eighteen recoverable billing failures through the card updater,
p10
worth about six hundred forty dollars to recover.
p11
Another shows the retry automation churning: thirty-seven queued, eleven already recovered.
p12
You're reading these, not launching them.
p13
Before you click anything, size it.
p14
One member says their card bounced? Head to Customer three-sixty.
p15
A wave of failures at one site? The declined card log, then that site's gateway.
p16
Charges about texts, not cards? That's a billing question.
p17
Same ticket, three different trails.
p18
Take the single-customer trail first. Open the member from the customer list.
p19
Customer three-sixty opens on nine tabs, everything about this account in one place.
p20
The billing answers live two tabs in.
p21
Open the Membership tab.
p22
Find the billing cycle block. Two fields answer the ticket.
p23
Last payment result tells you whether the most recent charge failed.
p24
Next charge tells you when the system tries again.
p25
That's the member's side of the story in ten seconds.
p26
Now the Payments tab.
p27
Here's the card on file and its expiry.
p28
Most single-member declines are just that: a card that expired or got pulled.
p29
The fix is a card update, or a link the member taps to re-enter it.
p30
That happens in production, with the right role. Never from this demo.
p31
Back out to the many-customer trail. In Sales, open the declined credit card log.
p32
Seven columns lay out every failed charge:
p33
date, customer, plan, amount, reason, attempts, location.
p34
When a member swears they paid and your record says declined, reason and attempts settle it.
p35
Search by customer or location to narrow it.
p36
One caution from today's capture: the list came back empty with a fetch error.
p37
Don't read that as no declines.
p38
Confirm the data actually loaded before you tell a member their account is clean.
p39
When it's the whole site, go to Settings, then Locations.
p40
The locations list carries code, name, address, and last sync.
p41
And in the side menu, notice Payment Credential Approval.
p42
That's the gate every credential change has to pass through. Hold that thought.
p43
Open the site and read its Payments and Credentials tab.
p44
The processors sit in named blocks: Open Edge, Smart Tech, Other, and Card Connect.
p45
You report which block is involved.
p46
You never read the masked values, and you never hand-edit them.
p47
Any change goes through Payment Credential Approval, not this screen.
p48
Different complaint, different page.
p49
If it's about text or email charges, open Billing, then Usage and Billing.
p50
The Usage by Source panel breaks every charge down by campaign and automation:
p51
source, type, volume, cost, share.
p52
Card declines and messaging bills are two separate questions. This answers the second one.
p53
Now build the ticket. Name the gateway.
p54
Attach a few decline samples with their reason and attempt count.
p55
Give the totals and the site or member affected.
p56
And the hard line: no card numbers, no credentials, not even masked.
p57
You diagnose and route. The retry and the fix happen upstream.
p58
So that's the playbook.
p59
Read the decline rate to size it. Scope to one member or many.
p60
Follow it to Customer three-sixty, the declined log, or a site's gateway.
p61
Check Billing when the charge was really about messaging.
p62
Then escalate with the gateway, the samples, and the counts.
p63
You touched nothing. You just found the truth and passed it on.